m
and
I understand that life is not easy but
encouragement there are still reasons to have
hope and not stay in the
grieve how can you be so sure
of that god our creator is love and
who has been in charge of preparing a plan
to eradicate pain and suffering
to humanity
I would like to show you that plan tell me what
things God has planned to do look what
says the psalm chapter 37 verse 29
please have the kindness of yourself
read it thank the righteous themselves will sew
the earth and they will receive forever on
she
Imagine people who crave
you will have an opportunity
wonderful will live forever on the
land where there will be no more crimes
the bad guys will not exist, so the
bad people god is going to remove it from
correct planet of the entire planet of
way that only people will remain
want to do what is good in the eyes
of God now look at another promise in
ecclesiastes 14 a generation goes away and
a generation comes but the earth
there is an indefinite time
note that there is a very obvious truth
although it seems impossible for what it does
today the man our planet
will subsist forever, that is, the being
human will not destroy it will end
with pollution and everything bad that
has made man with her so is God
will take care of giving the solution
definitive to all this now let me
show you another very encouraging promise in
Isaiah chapter 25 verse 8
read it please he will really swallow
to death forever and the lord
sovereign jehovah will certainly cleanse
tears all over his face
and the reproach of his people away from
the whole earth because that organism what
has spoken the death will be eliminated to
what do you mean and this, although
seems to make no sense is a solution
radical that god will do to the
humanity one of the greatest
sufferings is death and god the
will eliminate in other words the people
loyal to God will have the perspective of
live forever on earth with
perfect health and with renewed strength
day by day goodbye old age hey how beautiful
promises you have shown me thank you very much
for showing that these things that the
I really did not know that the bible mentioned
and there's still more I want to show you other
beautiful promises let me show you
clear I listen